Variables and Operators lesson: Clarify no name .js bad practice and add missing exponentiation step (#31210)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/javascript_basics/variables_and_operators.md

JavaScript files have the extension `.js` similar to `.css` for stylesheets. External JavaScript files are used for more complex scripts.

> We named our file `javascript.js` but we could have chosen any name like `my-script.js` or even no name `.js`, though this is considered bad practice because it can make the file invisible on some operating systems.

Reviewer: I think I'd rather just not have the bare `.js` example. The idea behind it was just a "doesn't even need to be "script" related.
```suggestion
We named our file `javascript.js` but we could have chosen any name like `my-script.js` or `i-love-the-odin-project.js`.
```

For instance, JavaScript follows the standard mathematical **Order of Operations** (often remembered by acronyms like **PEMDAS** or **BODMAS**). This means:

1. **Parentheses** (or Brackets) are evaluated first.

> 1. **Exponentiation** is done next, from right to left.

Reviewer: Left to right, not right to left, but not something we really need to say anyway. The LtR clarifications for MD and AS are more to highlight that different operations are of equal precedence.
```suggestion
1. **Exponentiation** is done next.
```

Author: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Operator_precedence#precedence_and_associativity

The docs say:

> As another example, the unique **exponentiation operator has right-associativity**, whereas other arithmetic operators have left-associativity.
```js
const a = 4 ** 3 ** 2; // Same as 4 ** (3 ** 2); evaluates to 262144
const b = 4 / 3 / 2; // Same as (4 / 3) / 2; evaluates to 0.6666...
```

We mention the associativity of other operators, why leave out the special case of exponentiation?

Reviewer: Oh, good call. That slipped by me :+1:
